get out of the way you're been the gang
shooting before bitch Jesus come here
motherfucker I need some blood no I
think thank you yeah what I'm terribly
sorry about that my sister was just
furious about your refusal to take part
in her designs so she sent those men to
kill you she's crazy all right um oh my
well Franco help but you know waste not
want not jeez take a look that baby how
much ammo do I have for that mother for
ooh two shots well write another night
yes woof that looks pretty let's baby
weighing it
maybe weighing it back to business
I believe the end is coming to our
little venture in Santa Monica so I
guess I should have some loose ends
really quick let's see what we got um
okay I gotta pay a visit to mr. uh mr. a
bail bondsman
hey there don't care hey there what man
dad well hell I don't care I kept it
well yeah nope great well I wouldn't
normally tell you this but since you did
help me out trip down at the bot that's
right me all right got to got by Arthur
I paint creek visited a that what's
called a little place above this area
above the pawn shop a joke no no like
what I look at two
the reason I'm doing so it's because if
I believe correctly we're going to have
a nice quick not quick but nice a
heart-to-heart conversation with the
twins and it would probably be best and
get my conversational skills up so I can
you know make the best come out of it so
let's just go in here I believe this is
the place
of course the bitch scared spare key
back here dumb dumb broad I matter it's
Mike look I gotta head down to hell for
a few days maybe longer Reno calls tell
him to meet me down there we got
something to discuss apparently i'll be
at Milton's place skyline lofts to a
sorry baby I'll explain everything later
this sunrise okay email love emails
favor
penis enlargement hmm i don't think the
Living Dead needs really cares about
penis enlargement to be painfully of it
honest that's myself done sunflower okay
well we gotta pay a quick visit to the
hotel hotel I mean the blood bank what
am i thanking
you get a bit of blood yes just any
blood
there we go to pizza pan no but there we
go nonetheless door I believe you got
the locker room next to the laundry room
what ah give I'll blood and the vial of
blood i believe it's upstairs so we
gotta go upstairs runway i went the
wrong way it's upstairs on the other
side ok ok fair enough fair enough
ok
I put you up we go leave it on here tell
the operator Dahlia